hi this is pressed talker there's a math
problem everyone is talking about and I
wanted to share my perspective what is
the correct answer to 6 squared divided
by 2 parentheses 3 plus 4 some people
are saying you should focus on the 2
parentheses 3 part and evaluate 2 times
3 to get 6 then evaluate 6 squared
divided by 6 which is 6 and finally you
need to add 4 to get an answer of 10
other people are saying you should look
at the expression from left to right you
first take 6 squared divided by 2 6
squared is 36 divided by 2 is 18 then
multiply that by 3 to get 54 and finally
you should add 4 to get 58 so what's the
correct answer is it 10 or 58 to settle
the debate let's look to the internet
and see what we get when we search for
this question Wolfram Alpha is a great
website to evaluate mathematical
expressions if we type in our question
we get the result of 58 we can also try
searching for the expression in Google
and when we do that Google calculator
also says the answer is 58 all right
that should settle the debate between
these two interpretations of the problem
the answer of 58 is more consistent with
the common customs of mathematical
expressions just because the 2 and the 3
have a parenthesis next to each other
doesn't mean we necessarily evaluate it
first that parentheses around the 3 is
interpreted as a multiplication sign and
by the order of operations it makes more
sense to evaluate this from left to
right
but if there's any debate it's because
the expression is written with an
ambiguous meaning let me ask you a
question what's the correct meaning to
the following sentence I saw the man
with binoculars one person could look at
the sentence and say oh this sentence
means I saw the man with binoculars that
is I was using binoculars to see the man
another person could say no no the
sentence means I saw the man with
binoculars you are actually looking at
someone who had binoculars so just as
there are English expressions that can
be interpreted in different ways if you
have parentheses there are also
mathematical expressions that can be
ambiguous if you don't write them in a
way that the reader can interpret them
correctly I hope you like this video
please subscribe to my channel I make
videos on math and game theory you can
catch me on my blog mind your decisions
which you can follow on Facebook Google+
and patreon you can also catch me at
pressure Locker on Twitter Instagram
Tumblr and Pinterest and you can also
check out my books on math and game
theory there's a link in the video
description thanks for watching